[DOP-16103] - add class format to HiveWriteOptions (#292)
MobileTeleSystems/onetl: docs/connection/db_connection/hive/write.rst

For writing data to Hive, use :obj:`DBWriter <onetl.db.db_writer.db_writer.DBWriter>`.

.. warning::

>     When using ``DBWriter``, the default spark data format configured in ``spark.sql.sources.default`` is ignored, as  ``Hive.WriteOptions(format=...)`` default value is explicitly set to ``orc``.

Reviewer: Ниже в файле есть рекомендации по формату файлов. Можно перенести этот пункт туда, и явно пометить ORC как дефолтный

>     When using ``DBWriter`` with ``Hive.WriteOptions``, the default spark data format configured in ``spark.sql.sources.default`` is overridden to use ``orc`` by default. This may affect performance and storage characteristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When using ``DBWriter``, the default spark data format configured in ``spark.sql.sources.default`` is ignored, as  ``Hive.WriteOptions(format=...)`` default value is explicitly set to ``orc``.
```

  * `Hudi <https://hudi.apache.org/docs/quick-start-guide/>`_
  * `Delta <https://docs.delta.io/latest/quick-start.html#set-up-apache-spark-with-delta-lake>`_

.. warning::

>     When using ``DBWriter``, the default spark data format configured in ``spark.sql.sources.default`` is ignored, as  ``Hive.WriteOptions(format=...)`` default value is explicitly set to `ORC <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/sql-data-sources-orc.html>`_.

Reviewer: Я имел в виду прям у:
```rst
* `ORC <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/sql-data-sources-orc.html>`_
```
поставить пометку `(**default**)`

Reviewer: А тут ссылку убрать, она и так есть выше
